X				n.		base noun
Xs				n.		more than one X
Xing			v.		to use an X
unXing			v.		to reverse the result of Xing
multiXing		v.		to use several Xs at once
Xwise			instrumental adjunct doing something else using an X
Xmaking			v.		to make an X
Xment			v.n.	the result of Xing
Xmaker			n.		a person who makes Xs
Xer				n.		a person who uses Xs
autoXmaker		n.		a program or machine that makes Xs
autoXer			n.		a program or machine that performs Xing
Xfuller			n.		a person who uses Xs to good effect
Xmakerfuller	n.		a person who changes the world by making Xs
Xphile			n.		a person who loves Xs
Xaholic			n.		a person obsessed with Xs
Xdom			n.		the place where Xs reside
eX				n.		an electronic imitation of an X
bioX			n.		an X made using biological material
Xertool			n.		the tool most commonly used in conjunction with an X
eXertool		n.		the tool most commonly used in conjunction with eXs
Xmakey			n.		the tool most commonly with the manufacture or crafting of Xs
Xic				adj.	to be like an X
Xlet			n.		something with some qualities like an X but differing substantially in others
Xingly			advb.	to do something in a fashion resembling Xs or Xing
Xacy			n.		the result of lots of Xing
Xmakeracy		n.		the result of having a society with lots of Xs and where many people participate in the production of Xs
Xism			n.		the belief that Xing is a good thing
Xmakerism		n.		the belief that Xmaking is a good thing
Xen				v.		to change a person or a thing using an X
Xify			v.		to create a representation of something in the form of an X
Xable			adj.	capable of having Xing and/or Xmaking applied to it
Xless			adj.	a state of not possessing any Xs
Xcracy			n.		a state where Xs give you power
Xcycling		v.		transforming an X into another X (possibly via some intermediaries)
Xcycle			n.		the transformation process whereby an X into another X (possibly via some intermediaries)
Xectomy			v.n.	removing one or more Xs from available use
Xology			n.		the study of Xs
Xonym			n.		a title given to an X
Xopsy			v.n.	examination of an X
Xphobia			n.		fear or hatred of Xs
Xship
Xmakership
Xsophy
Xtrophy
Xatrophy
Xphilia

book			book
books			books
booking			reading
unbooking		forgetting something you read in a book or newly discovering something that renders a book inaccurate
multibooking	reading around a topic
bookwise		from a book, following a recipe, etc.
bookmaking		authoring, bookmaking (not gambling), printing
bookment		a recitation of something from a book or an understanding of something written in a book
bookmaker		author, publisher, bookmaker (not gambling)
booker			reader
autobookmaker	printing press
bookfuller		learned person
bookmakerfuller	a persuasive, notable or influential writer
bookphile		bibliophile
bookaholic		someone addicted to reading books
bookdom			library, bookshelf
bookertool		bookmark (physical or computer)
ebookertool		ereading device
bookmakey		keyboard, pen
bookic			substantial, comprehensive or encyclopaedic, instructive, knowledgeable, repeatable, explicitly defined
booklet			booklet
bookingly		systematically, liturgically
bookacy			education through reading
bookmakeracy	a state where 'absurd' but worthwhile levels of detail are available in written documents that wouldn't be available in a society with a tendency to do less writing and also a society where the average person is expected to take part in the production of books (Wikipedia anyone?)
bookism			intellectualism
bookmakerism	a belief that writing books is a good thing. See bookmakeracy
booken			to learn through reading (applied to a person), to refine something using knowledge from a book (applied to an object)
bookify			to transcribe, give an account of, take notes on, to document something
bookable		the quality of being recordable in written form
bookless		lacking books
bookcracy		knowledge economy
bookcycle		editing, making a 2nd edition
bookectomy		library closures, destruction of books, theft of a book, a book being temporarily  or permanently inaccessible
bookology		the field of literary criticism
bookonym		a book title
bookopsy		a critique or review of a book
bookphobia		hatred of books
ebook			ebook
biobook			all books except ebooks and stone tablets are biobooks!
